README.md, before:

#### Javier V. Gómez - personal site source

Output hosted at:
http://jvgomez.github.io

Pelican-based static website. Feel free to use whatever you want :)

####DEPENDENCIES
In order to be able to create the site with Pelican, the following dependencies must be installed:

- `mdx-video` (YouTube video embedding by providing only the link).
```bash
$ sudo pip install mdx-video`
```
- `beautifulsoup4` (required by the extract_toc Pelican plugin)
```bash
$ sudo pip install beautifulsoup4
```
- `extract_toc` Pelican plugin (create tables of contents). Already included in this code.

#### Pelican theme
The code of this site is designed to work with a self-made modification of the `tuxlite_tbs` pelican theme. You can find my version in this repo:

https://github.com/jvgomez/tuxlite_tbs

If you use other themes, some thinkgs would probably fail.

#####TODO
- Include Google+ social link (with icon).
- Include ResearchGate social link (with icon).
- Include YouTube social link (with icon).
- Include Biicode social link (with icon).
- Look for a better About Me pic.
- Include LinkedIn and GitHub interactive banners in about me.

Commit message:

modified liquid_Tags support to embed youtube videos

README.md, after:

#### Javier V. Gómez - personal site source

Output hosted at:
http://jvgomez.github.io

Pelican-based static website. Feel free to use whatever you want :)

####DEPENDENCIES
In order to be able to create the site with Pelican, the following dependencies must be installed:


- `beautifulsoup4` (required by the extract_toc Pelican plugin)
```bash
$ sudo pip install beautifulsoup4
```

##### Third-party code included in the repo
- `extract_toc` Pelican plugin (create tables of contents).
- `liquid_tags` Pelican plugin (to embed YouTube videos). It required various fixes, detailed [here](https://github.com/getpelican/pelican-plugins/issues/312), [here](https://github.com/getpelican/pelican-plugins/issues/331), [here](https://github.com/getpelican/pelican-plugins/pull/321), and then modifying `youtube.py`to create `/embed/` insead of `/v/` URLs.

#### Pelican theme
The code of this site is designed to work with a self-made modification of the `tuxlite_tbs` pelican theme. You can find my version in this repo:

https://github.com/jvgomez/tuxlite_tbs

If you use other themes, some thinkgs would probably fail.

#####TODO
- Include Google+ social link (with icon).
- Include ResearchGate social link (with icon).
- Include YouTube social link (with icon).
- Include Biicode social link (with icon).
- Look for a better About Me pic.
- Include LinkedIn and GitHub interactive banners in about me.
